Simple Name Service 
Author:     yanhe.liu@cs.helsinki.fi
Version:    1.0
Date:       26/04/2013

----------------------
I. General Description
----------------------
This is a simple distributed name service. Name servers are running in 
several different nodes, and they maintain a name database. The name 
database is distributed such that each name object is stored on only one 
of the servers.

There is a central routing server in this system. When the name server 
does not know which server should handle the request for a specific
name, it will ask the central routing server. If the server itself is
not responsible for storing the name, it will forward the request 
following the instruction given by routing server.

--------------------
II. Code Orgnization
--------------------
client.c        implementation of the client
nameserver.c    implementation of the name server
routeserver.c   implementation of the routing server

fileio.c        functions related to file i/o operations, e.g. lock and 
                unlock a specific file, realine, search specific name 
                object in a given file, delete a line from a given file, 
                get specific infomation from config files, etc.
func_wrapper.c  wrappers for some widely used functions, like writing 
                log, tcp connect by using hostname, read from tcp socket with time out, etc.
pktlib.c        functions for handling name protocol packets, e.g. parse
                the name protocol packet from text string format to a
                specific struct used in other func, send a valid name
                protocol packet by using text string format, etc.
signal.c        signal handlers 

nameservice.h   header file for all the other *.c file, it includes all
                the declarations of common variables and functions 
Makefile        makefile to build the client and server programs

--------------------
III. Data Files
--------------------
nameserver.config   config file of client, it includes the hostname and
                    the port of a specific name server. The client will
                    try to connect to the name server when it starts. 
routeserver.config  config file of name servers, which includes the 
                    hostname and port of the central routing server

other files which users won't edit by themselves:
database files      the database file for each name server. Each name
                    server has its own database file. It should 
                    have a unique file name if you run your server 
                    program on some NFS file systems like ukko nodes. 
                    The default file name is hostname.db 
                    (e.g. ukko001.db)
log file            log file for each name server, the default file name
                    is hostname.log (e.g. ukko001.log) 
nameindex files     name index files, which records the file name type
                    that a specific server is responsible. This is used
                    for two purposes:
                    1) routing: the system use the first character of a
                    name to route the request, and each name server 
                    records the chararter that should be stored locally.
                    2) speed up the lookup before asking routing server

                    The default file name is hostname.index (e.g. 
                    ukko011.index)

The system will generate the database files, log files and the nameindex
files automatically.

--------------------
V. Modifications
--------------------
There are some major differences between the implemenation and my orignal design, which are briefly listed here:

1) Don't use a local routing table. 
In my design document, I try to use a local routing table caching the
route pairs which a name server asked the routing server before. However,
it is still not fully dynamic since the servers won't inform other their
changes. So I simplify it by just using a simple index table, which only 
records the specific kinds of name that the server should handle locally.

I also modify the routing process. Since there will be no local routing
table, I remove some types of routing protocol packets I designed
before, like add or delete.

2) Change the packet data structure and format.
The routing protocol data structure is changed to this:

struct route_prtl {
    char protocol;
    char type;
    char id;
    char ipaddr[16];
};

Since I send this struct directly by using write(), I modify all the 
attributes to char type. Other binary types like int may cause some
problems when different nodes have different bit order or type size.
Because of this modification, some sizes of fields in the packet are
different from what I designed at first.

The general structure of name protocol does not change much, but I
also change some field sizes.



