There are three seperated program files for this name service. For using
the name service, you should first strat nameserver and routeserver, and 
then run the client. I write the user guide for them together here.

NAME
        client      - client program of name service
        nameserver  - name server program for controlling the name server
                      nodes
        routeserver - route server program for controlling the route
                      server node

SYNOPSIS
        ./client [-aldu] [-n NAME]
        ./nameserver [OPTION]...
        ./routeserver [OPTION]...

DESCRIPTION
        client is the program running on the client side. It will receive 
        user's input and command, generate request and send it to a 
        specific name server which is written in the nameserver.config, 
        and then print out the result.

        nameserver is the program running on the name server. For getting
        a correct result, it must be started before calling client. It
        receives requests from clients or other server nodes, operates
        in the database as requested, and send the reply back to clients 
        (or other server). It will connect to the routing server specified
        in routeserver.config.

        routeserver is the program running on the routing server. It helps
        a name server to find which database a name should be restored in.
        It receives routing requests from other name servers, and send
        reply back. The routing info is stored in file routetable.txt.

OPTIONS
        client:
        -a
                add a new name into database. It should not be used
                together with l, d, or u.

        -l
                lookup a specific name in database, server should send
                the attribute of the name to client, and then client
                will show the result out. It should not be used together
                with a, d, or u.

        -d
                delete a specific name from database. It should not be 
                used together with l, a, or u.

        -u
                update the attribute of a specific name in the database.
                It should not be used together with a, l, d.

        -n NAME
                specify the name that the client wish to add, lookup, 
                delete or update. This parameter must be given. The name
                can only start with a character in [0-9a-zA-Z].

        nameserver:
        -d FILEPATH
                specify the database file. The server will create or
                open the file with given filepath. This is an optional
                parameter. If not given, the filepath will be hostname.db
                (e.g. ukko001.db)

        -i FILEPATH
                specify the nameindex file. The server will create or
                open the file with given filepath. This is an optional
                parameter. If not given, the filepath will be 
                hostname.index (e.g. ukko001.index)

        -p PORT
                set server port. It is optional, the default port is 
                56284. Please note that different name servers should use
                the same port number if you want to change this parameter.

        routeserver
        -p PORT
                Optional parameter. It is used to set routeing server 
                port, and the default one is 56284.

COMMANDS
        client:
                when you try to add or update a name, the client will
                ask you input the corresponding attribute. You just
                need to give the attribute you want to restore, no
                special character or command needed.

NOTES
        1) the config file should be set up first before staring the 
        client or the name server.

        2) different name servers should use the same service port.

BUGS

AUTHOR(s)
        yanhe.liu@cs.helsinki.fi
